c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\JobWorker.dll.config
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\JobWorker.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\JobWorker.pdb
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\System.Spatial.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.StorageUtility.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.xml
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\System.Spatial.xml
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\obj\Release\JobWorker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\obj\Release\JobWorker.dll
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\obj\Release\JobWorker.pdb
C:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\Microsoft.ServiceBus.dll
C:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\JobWorker\bin\Release\Microsoft.ServiceBus.xml
