c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Client.exe.config
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Client.exe
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Client.pdb
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\obj\Debug\Client.exe
c:\users\rolandkrummenacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\obj\Debug\Client.pdb
c:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceBus.dll
C:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceBus.xml
C:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Web.Common.pdb
C:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\rolandkrummenacher\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TheFlatterist\Client\obj\Debug\Client.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Client.exe.config
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Client.exe
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Client.pdb
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceBus.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceBus.xml
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\obj\Debug\Client.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\obj\Debug\Client.exe
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\obj\Debug\Client.pdb
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Common.dll
C:\Projects\bbvAcademyAzure\source\TheFlatterist\Client\bin\Debug\Common.pdb
